PROJECT:
This screen helps you managing the properties of your tracks.
Fields:
- Tempo : change the velocity of the track
- transpose : allow you to change the global transposition
- keyrepeat : change the interface reactivity
- preview : choose yes in order to preview all your notes
- new prj : create a new project
- save prj : go to save screen
- load prj : go to load screen


FILESYSTEM:
The filesystem screen allows you to deal with the FAT's save file.
The actual mode (SAVE or LOAD) is displayed on the right.
Move the cursor with the D-Pad.
Choose the track to save/load and press A. 
A confirmation will be posted for each action.


COMPOSER:
The composer is acting like a mini-piano.
In mode "Unlocked", you can edit the notes: assign
one for each line with A.
Press START to switch to "Locked" and press a button:
the assigned note is played !
You can change the channel on which the note will be played.


SONG:
The purpose of the "song screen" is to help you organizing
your track. Write your sequence structure here.
Press L+A to add a new sequence number. 
Press B to delete one.
Press L+B to cut and paste with a new number.


BLOCKS:
In this screen, you'll be able to edit your sequence content.
Each sequence can contain 16 blocks.
You can assign a transpose value for each blocks. 
Press L+A to add a new block number.
Press B to delete one.
Press L+B to cut and paste with a new number.
Press R+RIGHT/LEFT to change the edited sequence.


NOTES:
Here is the "notes screen". Each note is combined with an 
instrument number. 
You can assign one effect for each line in the edited block.
Press A to add a note. Change its value with A+D-Pad.
Press B to delete one. 
Press B on an empty box to paste the last note deleted previously.
Press R+RIGHT/LEFT to change the edited block.


INSTRUMENT:
The "instrument screen" allows you to edit various sound parameters.
Each instrument has a type: pulse, wave, noise or sample.
Pulse: can be played into PU1 and PU2. Only PU1 can play "sweep".
Wave: can be played into WAV channel.
Noise: can be played into NOI channel.
Sample: can be played into SNA and SNB.
Feel free to modify parameters in order to generate various sounds.
